.TH MINISHELL 1 "July 23, 2021" "1.0" "minishell man page"

.SH NAME
minishell - As beautiful as a shell

.SH SYSNOPSIS
minishell [file]

.SH COPYRIGHT
Minishell is project 42, (C) 2021 - 2021 mmehran and bledda

.SH YOUR SHELL SOULD
- Not interpret unclosed quotes or unspecified special characters like \\ or;.
.fi
- Not use more than one global variable, think about it and be ready to explain why you do it.
.fi
- Show a prompt when waiting for a new commande.
.fi
- Hava a working History.
.fi
- Search and launch the right executable (based on the PATH variable or by using relative or absolute path)

.SH IT MUST IMPLEMENT THE BUILTINS
- echo whith option -n
.fi
- cd whith only a relative or absolute path
.fi
- pwd whith no options
.fi
- export with no options
.fi
- unset whith no options
.fi
- end with no options or arguments
.fi
- exit with not options

\' inhibit all interpretation of a sequence of characters
.fi
" inhibit all interpretation of a sequence if characters except for $

.SH REDIRECTIONS
- < should redirect input.
.fi
- > should redirect output.
.fi
- "<<" read input from the current source until a line containing only the delimiter is seen, it doesn't need to update history!
.fi
- ">>" should redirect output with append mode.

Pipes | The output of each command in the pipeline is connected via a pipe to the input of the next command.

Environment variables ($ followed by characters) should expand to their values.

$? should expands to the exit status of the most recently executed foreground pipeline.

crtl-C crtl-D ctrl-\\ should work like in bash

.SH WHEN INTERACTIVE
- crtl-C print a new prompt on a newline.
.fi
- ctrl-D exit the shell.
.fi
- ctrl-\\ do nothing.

Anything not asked is not required.
For every point, if you have any doubt take bash as a reference.

.SH BONUS PART
if the Mandatory part is not perfect don't even think about bonuses.
.fi
&& || with parenthesis for priorities.
.fi
the wilcard * should work for the current working directory.

.SH AUTHOR
mmehran (mmehran@student.42nice.fr)
.fi
bledda (bledda@student.42nice.fr)
